W-14144696-botdebuglogging-se (#271)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/botmanagement-troubleshoot.adoc

If a bot has status *STOPPED*, *OVERDUE*, or *UNKNOWN*, an IT administrator needs to log on to the computer the bot is installed on and needs to troubleshoot it there.

> If a bot is running properly, but a process execution fails, and you need help to detect the cause, turn on debug logging. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simpler sentence construction:

If a bot is running correctly, but a process execution fails, turn on debug logging to get help detecting the cause. 

or

If a bot is running correctly but a process execution fails, turn on debug logging to detect the cause. 

or flip it (I like this one better if it is accurate):

If a process execution fails when a bot runs correctly, turn on debug logging to get help detecting the cause.

```

Reviewer: Should bot be capitalized? You capitalize it later.

Author: I chose the elegant third version:)

We (the RPA docs team) decided to capitalize 'bot' only if it's used as a product name ('RPA Bot'). In all other cases we write it in lower case for better readability. Since the version belongs to the product, we use 'RPA Bot [version] 1.0.0'.

. Click *Download Logfiles* (image:download-icon.png[disk-with-downwards-arrow symbol,1.5%,1.5%]) in the row of the bot you want to read the log files from.
. Extract the contents and view the relevant files.

== Turn On Debug Logging

Debug Logging is supported by RPA Bots with version 1.3.3 and later.

If a process execution fails when a bot runs correctly, turn on debug logging for at least the time span of the next process run to get help detecting the cause.

Then download the log files of the bot and send them to the support team if you need help analyzing the cause of the failure.

To turn on debug logging, complete the following steps:

. Open the *Bots* view of the *Bot Management* module.
. On the panel of the bot to debug, click *Turn on debug logging* (image:debug-icon.png[bug symbol,1.5%,1.5%]).

> . In the *Enable time limited debug logging* window, enter a time interval in minutes and click *Start debug logging*.

Reviewer 2: You can simply say:
"In *Enable time limited debug logging*, enter a time interval in minutes and click *Start debug logging*."

Author: This would need to be changed everywhere to be consistent. I'll put it in the backlog....

After the time interval lapses, the log level returns to the default.

> If a user sets a new debug interval while the bot is still in debug mode, the interval restarts with the new value. You cannot see if and for which interval the bot is in debug mode.

Reviewer 2: The "You cannot see if and for which interval the bot is in debug mode" sounds weird to me. Do you mean:

- You cannot see if the bot is in debug mode and which interval it is debugging.
- You cannot see the interval for which the bot is in debug mode and if it is in this mode.

Author: The latter. I'll change it, using or instead of and.

. Click *Download Logfiles* (image:download-icon.png[disk-with-downwards-arrow symbol,1.5%,1.5%]) in the row of the bot you want to read the log files from.
. Extract the contents and view the relevant files.

== Turn On Debug Logging

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: I would remove the admonition. The fact that you have it as the first paragraph in the section makes it stand out without the admonition.

> Debug Logging is supported by RPA Bots with version 1.3.3 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug Logging is supported by RPA Bots with version 1.3.3 and later.
```

Reviewer: You have "Bot" in lowercase elsewhere.

> If a bot is running properly, but a process execution fails, and you need help to detect the cause, turn on debug logging for at least the time span of the next process run.

Reviewer: See my pervious comment about simplifying the sentence structure.

> Then download the log files of the bot and send them to the support team if you need help analyzing the cause of the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then download the log files of the bot and send them to the support team, if you need help analyzing the cause of the failure.
```

To turn on debug logging, complete the following steps:

. Open the *Bots* view of the *Bot Management* module.
. On the panel of the bot to debug, click *Turn on debug logging* (image:debug-icon.png[bug symbol,1.5%,1.5%]).

> . In the modal *Enable time limited debug logging*, enter a time interval in minutes and click *Start debug logging*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you use "window" or "dialog" instead of "modal"? We try not to document the UI, so we shouldn't be that specfiic:

In the *Enable time limited debug logging* window, enter...
```

> After the time interval has lapsed, the log level returns to the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the time interval lapses, the log level returns to the default.
```

> If a users sets a new debug interval while the bot is still in debug mode, the interval starts anew with the new value. You cannot see if and for which interval the bot is in debug mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user sets a new debug interval while the bot is still in debug mode, the interval restarts with the new value. You cannot see if and for which interval the bot is in debug mode.
```
